---
title: Evaluating_Work
layout: post
author: noah.mccall
permalink: /Evaluating_Work--2017-18/
source-id: 1fWp14cTQKMuNerfYN6rvDAKOgFfHh2sb898lZGNMWCk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Evaluating the work of others</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/06/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To go round evaluating everyone's identity maps.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have written a comment for everyone’s identity map.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I commented on all of the identity maps in the class.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I independently commented on other people's identity maps, and didn’t take advice from others on what to write.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>In reflection on the comments that I received, I was pleased with all my comments, as they were all positive. The comments that I liked most were 'Looks like you were meant to be a fish! Live with the fish, swim with the fish, etc. ;)’, ‘I love your drawings. The quality is excellent, and I love the way that they are presented’ and ‘McCall, I hope you will be a aquarium keeper, just amazing.’ I liked these comments best because they were very kind and considerate things to say about someone else’s work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged well with the lesson, and got round the whole class quickly and efficiently.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could perhaps have been as nice in my comments as other people were to me - I wasn’t trying to be mean, though I was just saying things about how football is a silly game and stuff like that.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Maybe try to pick out the positive in other’s work, along with the negative.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


