---
title: Uploading_Work - 2017-18
layout: post
author: noah.mccall
permalink: /Uploading_Work--2017-18/
source-id: 1rIMm1AqefUZgewE74RI4w48vAFWco5kCF2BK2C4HQ4M
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Uploading our progress to Google Classroom</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To upload all of this term's work to Google Classroom.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finish uploading our work and start working on the targets for our Scratch games.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, as my work is uploaded and my targets are complete.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When my attempt to upload my documents, I persevered until I found that I had to copy the document before I tried to upload it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>When I was trying to work out what was wrong, I questioned myself every time that it went wrong until it eventually worked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I found the solution to the problem by myself, and didn't have to get help from anyone.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected back on the targets that I set myself before half term, and tried to achieve them by the end of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged very well with the lesson and quickly finished uploading my documents - I then managed to achieve both targets.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could maybe have set myself more targets to achieve, as I completed both of them very swiftly. This wasn’t really a bad thing as I have begun to make my game more decorative, but it would have been better if I had had more targets to achieve.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to set myself more targets when evaluating work, as then I will be working on achieving them for longer.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


