---
title: Blog Template - 2017-18
layout: post
author: noah.mccall
permalink: /copy-of-[template]-blog-tracker-template---2017-18/
source-id: 10l45y32UxctN9Y7uP9VYWmgYFi8DSPYVN52EJjcsFzs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Completing the plans for our Scratch games</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>17/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To end the planning process of our Scratch games.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete our Scratch game plan.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I finished my game plan in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I persevered by thinking about sections of coding which I found exceptionally difficult, and changed my game plan so as not to include many these areas.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>Whenever I changed my game plan so as to make it possible for me to code, I questioned whether that the change would make the game harder or easier to play.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I came up with all of the ideas for my game independently, because then I could make sure that all of my ideas were possible for me to code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected back on previous lessons on what areas of Scratch I found difficult, and tried not to include many of these areas. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged well with the lesson, and finished the main task in the lesson, instead of completing it as homework.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have maybe taken a bit longer to think about each aspect of my game while planning, instead of just rushing to try and finish my plan.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to take my time when planning a big project like our Scratch games, instead of just rushing to try and complete my plan.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


